README.md, before:

# ribbon-toolbar
![Example screenshot](screenshot.png)

## CSS properties
* `--dark-background`: Used as the colored background for the ribbon.
  Defaults to `var(--brand-primary)`.
* `--light-background`: Used as the light background of the sections and the
  selected tab. Defaults to `#f1f1f1`
* `--header-size`: Sets the size of the header. Since Tab Groups overlay their labels
  on top of the ribbon, this variable sets the height of the tab group label.
  Defaults to `2.44em`.

## Ribbon.default
Should wrap the ribbon components used.

`props.defaultSelected` is used to specify a default selected tab, rather than starting with
no selected tab. If this is specified, the ribbon will act like an always open ribbon rather
than a minimized ribbon.
All other props will be set on the underlying `form` element.

## Ribbon.TabList
Should be set as the first child of the ribbon. Contacts the tabs for the ribbon
to select. Children should be either Tabs or ContextualTabs.

## Ribbon.Tabs
Represents a tab for the user to click.
* `props.children`: any React node
* `props.id`: Required. ID to represent the Tab, must be unique within the ribbon.

## Ribbon.ContextualTabs
Groups tabs so that they can be hidden when not needed.
Children should be Tab elements.
* `props.title`: React node. Displayed above the tabs as a label
* `props.hidden`: Boolean. If true, the tab group is hidden and disabled.

## Ribbon.Panel
Tab panel that displays whenever the corresponding tab is selected.
* `props.id`: Required. Must be the same as one of the tabs.

## Ribbon.ApplicationMenu
A special Panel that can open seperately from the other tabs.
Displays as an absolute-positioned element, but it can modified with CSS.

## Ribbon.MenuTab
A special Tab that corresponds to the ApplicationMenu.

## Ribbon.MenuGroup
Helper for use inside Panels. Good for grouping form elements.
*TODO*: Make fieldset instead of div?
* `props.title`: Label for the group, displayed underneath its elements. Can only be a string.
* `props.children`: Contexts of the group.

Commit message:

Changed Ribbon to keep Panels as direct children of the ribbon, instead of wrapped in another div. This lets TabList be located elsewhere in the ribbon.

README.md, after:

# ribbon-toolbar
![Example screenshot](screenshot.png)

## CSS properties
* `--dark-background`: Used as the colored background for the ribbon.
  Defaults to `var(--brand-primary)`.
* `--light-background`: Used as the light background of the sections and the
  selected tab. Defaults to `#f1f1f1`
* `--header-size`: Sets the size of the header. Since Tab Groups overlay their labels
  on top of the ribbon, this variable sets the height of the tab group label.
  Defaults to `2.44em`.

## Ribbon.default
Should wrap the ribbon components used.

`props.defaultSelected` is used to specify a default selected tab, rather than starting with
no selected tab. If this is specified, the ribbon will act like an always open ribbon rather
than a minimized ribbon.
All other props will be set on the underlying `form` element.

## Ribbon.TabList
Contains the tabs for the ribbon
to select. Children should be either Tabs or ContextualTabs.

> Ribbon.default automatically passes props 'onClick', 'selected', and 'menuOpen'.
> If the TabList is wrapped in another React component, make sure that these props
> are passed to TabList.

## Ribbon.Tab
Represents a tab for the user to click.
* `props.children`: any React node
* `props.id`: Required. ID to represent the Tab, must be unique within the ribbon.

> Ribbon.default automatically passes props 'onClick' and 'selected'.
> If the Tab is wrapped in another React component, make sure that these props
> are passed to Tab.

## Ribbon.ContextualTabs
Groups tabs so that they can be hidden when not needed.
Children should be Tab elements.
* `props.title`: React node. Displayed above the tabs as a label
* `props.hidden`: Boolean. If true, the tab group is hidden and disabled.

> Ribbon.default automatically passes props 'onClick' and 'selected'.
> If ContextualTabs is wrapped in another React component, make sure that these props
> are passed to ContextualTabs.

## Ribbon.Panel
Tab panel that displays whenever the corresponding tab is selected.
* `props.id`: Required. Must be the same as one of the tabs.

> Ribbon.default automatically passes prop 'selected'.
> If the Panel is wrapped in another React component, make sure that these props
> are passed to Panel.

## Ribbon.ApplicationMenu
A special Panel that can open seperately from the other tabs.
Displays as an absolute-positioned element, but it can modified with CSS.

> Ribbon.default automatically passes prop 'menuOpen'.
> If the ApplicationMenu is wrapped in another React component, make sure that these props
> are passed to ApplicationMenu.

## Ribbon.MenuTab
A special Tab that corresponds to the ApplicationMenu.

> Ribbon.default automatically passes props 'menuOpen' and 'onClick'.
> If the MenuTab is wrapped in another React component, make sure that these props
> are passed to MenuTab.

## Ribbon.MenuGroup
Helper for use inside Panels. Good for grouping form elements.
*TODO*: Make fieldset instead of div?
* `props.title`: Label for the group, displayed underneath its elements. Can only be a string.
* `props.children`: Contexts of the group.
